[REVIEW][PROPOSAL] Add tags and prefered memory order tags to estimators (#3113)
rapidsai/cuml: wiki/python/ESTIMATOR_GUIDE.md

**Note:** This guide is long, because it includes internal details on how cuML manages input and output types for advanced use cases. But for the vast majority of estimators, the requirements are very simple and can follow the example patterns shown below in the [Quick Start Guide](#quick-start-guide).

## Table of Contents

> - [Recommended Scikit-Learn Documentation](#recommended-scikit-learn-documentation)

Reviewer: Oooh, I like this

   - [Initialization](#initialization)
   - [Implementing `get_param_names()`](#implementing-get_param_names)
   - [Estimator Tags and cuML Specific Tags](#estimator-tags-and-cuml-specific-tags)
   - [Estimator Array-Like Attributes](#estimator-array-like-attributes)
   - [Estimator Methods](#estimator-methods)
- [Do's and Do Not's](#dos-and-do-nots)
- [Appendix](#appendix)

## Recommended Scikit-Learn Documentation

To start, it's recommended to read the following Scikit-learn documentation:

1. [Scikit-learn's Estimator Docs](https://scikit-learn.org/stable/developers/develop.html)
   1. cuML Estimator design follows Scikit-learn very closely. We will only cover portions where our design differs from this document
   2. If short on time, pay attention to these sections, which are the most important (and have caused pain points in the past):
      1. [Instantiation](https://scikit-learn.org/stable/developers/develop.html#estimated-attributes)
      2. [Estimated Attributes](https://scikit-learn.org/stable/developers/develop.html#estimated-attributes)
      3. [`get_params` and `set_params`](https://scikit-learn.org/stable/developers/develop.html#estimated-attributes)

>       4. [Cloning](https://scikit-learn.org/stable/developers/develop.html#estimated-attributes)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      4. [Cloning](https://scikit-learn.org/stable/developers/develop.html#cloning)
```

   ```
6. Implement `get_param_names()` including values returned by `super().get_param_names()`
   ```python
      def get_param_names(self):
         return super().get_param_names() + [
            "eps",
            "min_samples",
         ]
   ```

> 7. Implement `_more_tags()` if any of the [default tags]() need to be overriden for the new estimator:

Reviewer: Should this be linking to something?

**Note:** Be sure to include `super().get_param_names()` in the returned list to properly set the `super()` attributes.

> ### Estimator Tags and cuML Specific Tags

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Estimator Tags and cuML-Specific Tags
```

> Scikit-learn introduced estimator tags in version 0.21, which are used to programmatically inspect capabilities of estimars. These includes items like sparse matrix support, need for positive inputs, among multiple other things. cuML estimators support _all_ of the tags defined by the Scikit-learn estimator developer guide, and will add support for any tag added there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scikit-learn introduced estimator tags in version 0.21, which are used to programmatically inspect the capabilities of estimators. These capabilities include items like sparse matrix support and the need for positive inputs, among other things. cuML estimators support _all_ of the tags defined by the Scikit-learn estimator [developer guide](https://scikit-learn.org/stable/developers/index.html), and will add support for any tag added there.
```

> Additionaly, some tags specific to cuML have been added. These tags allow for optimization of data generation besides testing (for example pipelines and HPO), and/or are specific to GPU data types. These are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionaly, some tags specific to cuML have been added. These tags may or may not be specific to GPU data types and can even apply outside of automated testing, such as allowing for the optimization of data generation. This can be useful for pipelines and HPO, among other things. These are:
```

```

**Notes:**

>  - Its not necessary to convert to `CumlArray` and casting with `to_output` before returning. This function directly returned a `cp.ndarray` object. Any array-like object can be returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - It's not necessary to convert to `CumlArray` and cast with `to_output` before returning. This function directly returned a `cp.ndarray` object. Any array-like object can be returned.
```
